README.md, before:

# Drupal 11 Facebook Autopost Module

A Drupal 11 module that automatically posts article nodes to Facebook pages when they are created.

## Features

✅ Automatic posting of article nodes to Facebook Pages and Groups
✅ Support for article nodes with: title, body, field_image
✅ Admin settings page for managing Facebook destinations
✅ Posts when new nodes are created
✅ Tracks posting status to prevent duplicates
✅ Support for multiple Facebook Pages and Groups
✅ Configurable post options (image inclusion, body excerpt length)
✅ Domain module integration - select which domains trigger posting

## Quick Start

1. **Install the module:**
   ```bash
   # Copy to your Drupal modules directory
   drush en facebook_autopost
   ```

2. **Configure Facebook Pages/Groups:**
   - Navigate to: `/admin/config/services/facebook-autopost`
   - Enable autoposting
   - Add your Facebook Page/Group ID and Access Token
   - Select destination type (Page or Group)
   - Configure post options

3. **Create an article:**
   - When you create a new article node, it will automatically post to configured Facebook Pages/Groups
   - The node will be marked as posted via the `field_facebook_posted` field

## Documentation

See [MODULE_README.md](MODULE_README.md) for complete documentation including:
- Detailed installation instructions
- How to get Facebook Page Access Tokens
- Configuration options
- Troubleshooting guide
- API usage examples

## Requirements

- Drupal 11
- Domain module
- Article content type with `field_image` field
- Facebook Page Access Token and/or User Access Token (for Groups)

## Module Structure

```
facebook_autopost/
├── facebook_autopost.info.yml          # Module definition
├── facebook_autopost.module            # Hooks for node posting
├── facebook_autopost.install           # Install/uninstall hooks
├── facebook_autopost.routing.yml       # Routes definition
├── facebook_autopost.permissions.yml   # Permissions
├── facebook_autopost.services.yml      # Service definitions
└── src/
    ├── Form/
    │   └── FacebookAutopostSettingsForm.php  # Admin settings form
    └── Service/
        └── FacebookApiService.php            # Facebook API integration
```

## License

GPL-2.0+

Commit message:

Update documentation for update support and logging
- Added update operation support to documentation
- Documented manual reposting capability
- Added comprehensive logging documentation
- New sections for viewing logs and reposting
- Updated features list in README

README.md, after:

# Drupal 11 Facebook Autopost Module

A Drupal 11 module that automatically posts article nodes to Facebook pages when they are created.

## Features

✅ Automatic posting of article nodes to Facebook Pages and Groups
✅ Posts on both node **create** and **update** operations
✅ Support for article nodes with: title, body, field_image
✅ Admin settings page for managing Facebook destinations
✅ Tracks posting status to prevent duplicates (can be manually reset)
✅ Support for multiple Facebook Pages and Groups
✅ Configurable post options (image inclusion, body excerpt length)
✅ Domain module integration - select which domains trigger posting
✅ Comprehensive watchdog logging for debugging and auditing

## Quick Start

1. **Install the module:**
   ```bash
   # Copy to your Drupal modules directory
   drush en facebook_autopost
   ```

2. **Configure Facebook Pages/Groups:**
   - Navigate to: `/admin/config/services/facebook-autopost`
   - Enable autoposting
   - Add your Facebook Page/Group ID and Access Token
   - Select destination type (Page or Group)
   - Configure post options

3. **Create an article:**
   - When you create a new article node, it will automatically post to configured Facebook Pages/Groups
   - The node will be marked as posted via the `field_facebook_posted` field

## Documentation

See [MODULE_README.md](MODULE_README.md) for complete documentation including:
- Detailed installation instructions
- How to get Facebook Page Access Tokens
- Configuration options
- Troubleshooting guide
- API usage examples

## Requirements

- Drupal 11
- Domain module
- Article content type with `field_image` field
- Facebook Page Access Token and/or User Access Token (for Groups)

## Module Structure

```
facebook_autopost/
├── facebook_autopost.info.yml          # Module definition
├── facebook_autopost.module            # Hooks for node posting
├── facebook_autopost.install           # Install/uninstall hooks
├── facebook_autopost.routing.yml       # Routes definition
├── facebook_autopost.permissions.yml   # Permissions
├── facebook_autopost.services.yml      # Service definitions
└── src/
    ├── Form/
    │   └── FacebookAutopostSettingsForm.php  # Admin settings form
    └── Service/
        └── FacebookApiService.php            # Facebook API integration
```

## License

GPL-2.0+
